# xMasterSlave
xMasterSlave HMI, Master and Slave application (simulation) of DNP3 Modbus, etc.

Download xMasterSlave and get its registration for free.

To install it, change *.zi_p to *.zip and unzip xMasterSlave.zip and find and run Install_xMasterSlave.exe.
xMasterSlave supports Master and Slave End protocols of DNP3, DNP3 TCP/IP, IEC60870-5-101/103/104, Modbus, Modbus TCP/IP, Modbus Plus, etc. 
xMasterSlave HMI application provides process monitoring, visualization and control, data logging and graphic display, historical trending, alarming, recipe handling, data archiving and much, much more in one complete package. Read the Highlights.
 
xMasterSlave also can be a Simulator of Master and Slave (i.e. DNP3, Modbus, IEC60870-5, etc.). Slave simulator offers you Hand-free commissioning, Controls(DO&AO)-Details/Action/scripts, Auto/Manual Data Presetting, Log/Protocol Messages and Raw Rx/Tx bytes, TCP/IP (or UDP/IP) connections monitoring, RTU functioning(i.e. Control Enable/Disable, Point Online/Offline), etc. Note: it supports up to 32 instances/slaves in a Master Application, supports up to 200 instances/Master-End-Connections in a DNP3 / Modbus slave application/simulator.
You also can build an Embedded PC based RTU when you configure and run xRTU18 application in xMaster.

please send me (tgscada@hotmail.com) the Registration File: xMasterSlaveReg.txt(in the folder of c:\xMaster by default, generated by the x_Master software during the installation). Note: I check blog/email from 6:00 pm to 10:00 pm (UTC-08:00) Pacific Time (US & Canada). Due to the variations of hardware and personal software used on the PC and your experiences on SCADA/RTU/PLC/HMI/protocols, however, support will be provided on a best effort basis only, and will be limited to email Help/Support available at: tgscada@hotmail.com. Public email (i.e. Hotmail, gmail, yahoo, ...) will be blocked from receiving your registration file due to the virus protection. Please use your business/company email.
